== README

If you dont have rvm setup make sure you go through the steps to setup rvm in the following website:
http://installrails.com

It is very important that the versions of the below outline products should have the proper major version.

* Ruby version
  2.3.1

* Jruby Version 
  9.1.5.0

* Rails Version
  4.0.0 ( Note Rails 5 is incompatible with the jdbcderby adapter)

* System dependencies
  The client jar file needs to be placed in the classpath mentioned below:
  The db-client-2.x.x.x.jar needs to be placed in the lib folder of the jruby
  In my case it was at /Users/amitmudgal/.rbenv/versions/jruby-9.1.5.0/lib
  Remember to install the jdbcderby-adapter using the command "gem install activerecord-jdbcderby-adapter"
     

* Configuration
  Make sure splicemachine is up and running:

* Database creation
  We use the default SPLICE database for this implementation. 

* Database initialization
  Do run the "bundle install" after cloning the git repo locally. It would install all the local gems required.
  I was running the local install so my config/database.yml looks like the one below:
    adapter: jdbcderby
    database: splicedb
    username: splice
    password: admin
    driver: com.splicemachine.db.jdbc.ClientDriver
    url: jdbc:splice://localhost:1527/splicedb
    prepared_statements: true

  Modify the same based on your environment.
 
* How to run the test suite
  To run via rake you can use the below commands:
  rails generate model Company name:string
  bin/rake db:migrate RAILS_ENV=development

* Services (job queues, cache servers, search engines, etc.)

* Deployment instructions

  Make sure you have all gems added from gemlist.txt. A thing to note here is that the version of the activerecord should be the same.
  Please refer to document : http://doc.splicemachine.com/Developers/Connecting/JDBCConnectWithJRuby.html for further steps.
  
Implementation of Rails on CentOS (centos-release-6-8.el6.centos.12.3.x86_64)

* sudo yum groupinstall -y 'development tools'
* gpg2 --keyserver hkp://keys.gnupg.net --recv-keys 409B6B1796C275462A1703113804BB82D39DC0E3
* curl -L get.rvm.io | bash -s stable (In case the keys are not present then the above key would be shown )
* source ~/.profile
* rvm install jruby
  in case ruby gems is not installed (rvm ruby gems latest)
* gem install rails -v 4.0.0
* gem install bundle
* git clone https://github.com/splicemachine/splice-community-sample-code.git
* navigate to “tutorial-rails” and run "bundle install"
* which jruby
  whatever directory comes substitute bin for lib and put the client driver file there.
  In my case i for ~/.rvm/rubies/jruby-9.0.5.0/bin/jruby
  ~/.rvm/rubies/jruby-9.0.5.0/lib
   
